README.md, before:

# Recharts

[![Rocket.Chat](https://demo.rocket.chat/images/join-chat.svg)](https://demo.rocket.chat/channel/recharts)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/recharts/recharts.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/recharts/recharts)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/recharts/recharts/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/recharts/recharts?branch=master)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/recharts.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/recharts)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/recharts.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/recharts)
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/recharts/recharts/raw/master/LICENSE)

## Introduction

Recharts is a **Redefined** chart library built with [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) and [D3](http://d3js.org).

The main purpose of this library is to help you to write charts in React applications without any pain. Main principles of Recharts are:

1. **Simply** deploy with React components
1. **Native** SVG support, lightweight depending only on some D3 submodules
1. **Declarative** components, components of charts are purely presentational

## Examples

```jsx
<LineChart
  width={400}
  height={400}
  data={data}
  margin={{ top: 5, right: 20, left: 10, bottom: 5 }}
>
  <XAxis dataKey="name" />
  <Tooltip />
  <CartesianGrid stroke="#f5f5f5" />
  <Line type="monotone" dataKey="uv" stroke="#ff7300" yAxisId={0} />
  <Line type="monotone" dataKey="pv" stroke="#387908" yAxisId={1} />
</LineChart>
```

All the components of Recharts are clearly separated. The lineChart is composed of x axis, tooltip, grid, and line items, and each of them is an independent React Component. The clear separation and composition of components is one of the principle Recharts follows.

## Installation

### npm

NPM is the easiest and fastest way to get started using Recharts. It is also the recommended installation method when building single-page applications (SPAs). It pairs nicely with a CommonJS module bundler such as Webpack.


```sh
# latest stable
$ npm install recharts
```


### umd

The UMD build is also available on unpkg.com:


```html
 <script src="https://unpkg.com/recharts/umd/Recharts.min.js"></script>
```

Then you can find the library on `window.Recharts`.

### dev build

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/recharts/recharts.git
$ cd recharts
$ npm install
$ npm run build
```

## Demo

To examine the demos in your local build, execute


```sh
$ npm run[-script] demo
```

and then browse to http://localhost:3000

## Module Formats

- [babel-plugin-recharts](https://github.com/recharts/babel-plugin-recharts) A simple transform to cherry-pick Recharts modules so you don’t have to.

## Contribution

We'd love :heart: to hear what you think we should build. Please create an issue to write your usage or ideas.

We are looking for like-minded people who share the same idea about Recharts. The goal of this project is create a more flexible charting library for the  React community.

## License

[MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Recharts Group

Commit message:

Updated readme with install instructions

README.md, after:

* As of 8/2/17 the only difference between this fork and the original repo is this version is post-built and it includes a percents prop for tooltips.

Install via ```npm install IamJoseph/recharts```

# Recharts

[![Rocket.Chat](https://demo.rocket.chat/images/join-chat.svg)](https://demo.rocket.chat/channel/recharts)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/recharts/recharts.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/recharts/recharts)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/recharts/recharts/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/recharts/recharts?branch=master)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/recharts.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/recharts)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/recharts.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/recharts)
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/recharts/recharts/raw/master/LICENSE)

## Introduction

Recharts is a **Redefined** chart library built with [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) and [D3](http://d3js.org).

The main purpose of this library is to help you to write charts in React applications without any pain. Main principles of Recharts are:

1. **Simply** deploy with React components
1. **Native** SVG support, lightweight depending only on some D3 submodules
1. **Declarative** components, components of charts are purely presentational

## Examples

```jsx
<LineChart
  width={400}
  height={400}
  data={data}
  margin={{ top: 5, right: 20, left: 10, bottom: 5 }}
>
  <XAxis dataKey="name" />
  <Tooltip />
  <CartesianGrid stroke="#f5f5f5" />
  <Line type="monotone" dataKey="uv" stroke="#ff7300" yAxisId={0} />
  <Line type="monotone" dataKey="pv" stroke="#387908" yAxisId={1} />
</LineChart>
```

All the components of Recharts are clearly separated. The lineChart is composed of x axis, tooltip, grid, and line items, and each of them is an independent React Component. The clear separation and composition of components is one of the principle Recharts follows.

## Installation

### npm

NPM is the easiest and fastest way to get started using Recharts. It is also the recommended installation method when building single-page applications (SPAs). It pairs nicely with a CommonJS module bundler such as Webpack.


```sh
# latest stable
$ npm install recharts
```


### umd

The UMD build is also available on unpkg.com:


```html
 <script src="https://unpkg.com/recharts/umd/Recharts.min.js"></script>
```

Then you can find the library on `window.Recharts`.

### dev build

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/recharts/recharts.git
$ cd recharts
$ npm install
$ npm run build
```

## Demo

To examine the demos in your local build, execute


```sh
$ npm run[-script] demo
```

and then browse to http://localhost:3000

## Module Formats

- [babel-plugin-recharts](https://github.com/recharts/babel-plugin-recharts) A simple transform to cherry-pick Recharts modules so you don’t have to.

## Contribution

We'd love :heart: to hear what you think we should build. Please create an issue to write your usage or ideas.

We are looking for like-minded people who share the same idea about Recharts. The goal of this project is create a more flexible charting library for the  React community.

## License

[MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Recharts Group
